Add a little more explanation for honest-but-curious (#1730)
opendp/opendp: docs/source/contributing/development-environment.rst

          - Enable to include constructors that have not passed the vetting process.
        * - ``honest-but-curious``
          - Enable to include constructors that are only private if the constructor arguments are honest.

>             For example, user defined functions require this flag because privacy depends on the stability specified by the user.
>             Similarly, population amplification relies on an honest population size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            For example, population amplification must assume the user is honest and correct in their assertion that the dataset under observation is a simple sample.
            Similarly, library plugins must assume that the privacy or stability of a given function is governed by the given map.
```

Author: Sounds good. Thanks!
